Add support for missing geospatial datatypes to SQLAlchemy dialect (#360)
crate/crate-python: docs/sqlalchemy.rst

    change, the `UPDATE`_ statement sent to CrateDB will include all of the
    ``ObjectArray`` data.

.. _geopoint:
.. _geoshape:

``Geopoint`` and ``Geoshape``
.............................

The CrateDB SQLAlchemy dialect provides two geospatial types:

> - ``Geopoint``, which represents a longitude and latitude coordinate

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- ``Geopoint``, which represents a longitude and latitude coordinate
```

> - ``Geoshape``, which is used to store geometric `GeoJSON geometry objects`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``Geoshape``, which is used to store geometric `GeoJSON geometry objects`_
```

> To use these types, you can create columns using them::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these types, you can create columns, like so::
```

    >>> class City(Base):
    ...
    ...    __tablename__ = 'cities'
    ...    name = sa.Column(sa.String, primary_key=True)
    ...    coordinate = sa.Column(types.Geopoint)
    ...    area = sa.Column(types.Geoshape)

To create a geopoint, you can either define it as a tuple of
``(longitude, latitude)``::

    >>> point = (139.76 35.68)

> or as a geojson ``Point`` object::

Reviewer: it's generally not considered good style to split a sentence up with an example. can you reword so each leading sentence is complete?
